Clarification on GPO effect on restrictedAdmin (#11342)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/remote-credential-guard.md

     > [!NOTE]
     > Neither Windows Defender Remote Credential Guard nor Restricted Admin mode will send credentials in clear text to the Remote Desktop server.

>      > When **Restrict Credential Delegation** is enabled the /restrictedAdmin switch has no effect; consequently, Windows Defender Remote Credential Guard will be preferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     > When **Restrict Credential Delegation** is enabled, the /restrictedAdmin switch will be ignored. Windows will enforce the policy configuration instead and will use Windows Defender Remote Credential Guard. 
```
